9a) Support that `dfs_recurse()` terminates, and has visited a vertex $u$, but there is a vertex $v$ which is reachable from $u$ that has not been visited.

Since $v$ is reachable from $u$, this means that there exists a path $u \rightarrow v_1 \rightarrow \ldots \rightarrow v$.

In the `dfs_recurse` algorithm, when a vertex is visited, all of its unvisited neighbours are then visited before the algorithm terminates. This means that upon termination, all neighbours of a visited vertex have also been visited.

Since $u$ has been visited by the algorithm, this means that $v_1$ has been visited, and so too $v_2$, and so on, until $v$ is reached. So this is a contradiction, which means that all vertices reachable from a visited vertex have also been visited.

b)
```python
def findOrigin(g):
    for v in g.vertices:
        v.visited == False
    toVisit = Stack()
    nUnvisited = len(g.vertices)

    for s in g.vertices:
        if s.visited = False:
            toVisit.push(s)
            while not toVisit.isEmpty():
                v = toVisit.pop()
                v.visited = True
                nUnvisited -= 1
                for w in v.neighbours:
                    if not w.visited:
                        toVisit.push(w)
            if nUnvisited == 0:
                return s
```

c) The algorithm performs depth-first searches from unvisited vertices, and returns only once every vertex has been visited.

Suppose the algorithm returned a vertex which was not an origin.
This means that every node has been visited by some DFS at some point, due to the return criteria. But since we know there is an origin in the graph, this means that an origin was visited at some point during DFS on the returned node (if it was reached in an earlier search, then the function would have returned earlier).

If an origin was reachable by the returned node, then by extension all nodes are reachable from the returned node via that origin, which means that the returned node must have been an origin as well. This forms a contradiction, so the node that was returned must have been an origin.

d) -
