7a)

RTP: $(P \implies Q) \implies ((P \implies \lnot Q) \implies \lnot P)$

Assume that for all statements $P$ and $Q$: $(P \implies Q)$. Then assume $(P \implies \lnot Q)$.

We use a proof by contradiction. Therefore, assume $P$. Then, by $(P \implies Q)$, $Q$ must be true. Also, by $(P \implies \lnot Q)$, $Q$ must be false.

This is a contradiction, so $P$ must be false, meaning $(P \implies Q) \implies ((P \implies \lnot Q) \implies \lnot P)$, as required.

b) (i)

RTP: $a \equiv b \; (\operatorname{mod} p \cdot q) \iff (a \equiv b \; (\operatorname{mod} p) \land a \equiv b  \; (\operatorname{mod} q))$

($\implies$) Assume that $a$ and $b$ are integers, and that $a \equiv b \; \mod p \cdot q$. Then by definition, $a = kpq+d$ and $b = lpq+d$ for some integers $k,l,d$, with $0 \le d < pq$.

Let $x=kp$, and $y=lp$. Now, $a=xq$ and $b=yq$. This gives $a \equiv b \mod q$. A similar result can be acquired by letting $x=kq$, and $y=lq$, to give $a \equiv b \mod p$. Therefore we have $(a \equiv b \; (\operatorname{mod} p) \land a \equiv b  \; (\operatorname{mod} q))$ as required.

($\impliedby$) Assume $a$ and $b$ are integers, and that $a \equiv b \; (\operatorname{mod} p) \land a \equiv b  \; (\operatorname{mod} q)$. By definition, we have $a-b = ps$, and $a-b=qt$, for some integers $s,t$.

We then have $p \mid(a-b)$ and $q \mid (a-b)$. Since $p$ and $q$ are coprime, this means that $pq | (a-b)$. We then have $a \equiv b \mod p \cdot q$, as required.

(ii)

For all natural numbers $i$ and primes $p$, $i^p \equiv i \mod p$. If $i$ is not a multiple of $p$, then $i^{p-1} \equiv 1 \mod p$

(iii)

We can split the problem up into cases.

Case 1: If $n$ is divisible by both $p$ and $q$, clearly the two sides are equivalent (both $0 \mod pq$)

Case 2: $n$ is divisible by neither $p$ nor $q$.

Then, define $k$ such that $ed = k(p-1)(q-1)+1$ so that
$$n^{ed} = n^{k(p-1)(q-1)+1} = n \cdot n^{k(p-1)(q-1)}$$

Then,
$$
(n^{k(p-1)})^{(q-1)} \equiv 1 \mod q \\
(n^{k(q-1)})^{(p-1)} \equiv 1 \mod p
$$

Applying the proof from part (ii), we then have $n \cdot n^{k(p-1)(q-1)} \equiv n \mod pq$ as required.

Case 3: Suppose one of $p$ or $q$ divides $n$ - say this is $p$.

Then
$$
(n^{k(p-1)})^{(q-1)} \equiv 1 \mod q \\
(n^{k(q-1)})^{(p-1)} \equiv 0 \mod p
$$
and so
$$
\begin{aligned}
n \cdot n^{k(p-1)(q-1)} \equiv n \mod q \\
\equiv 0 \mod p
\end{aligned}
$$
which gives us for some $a, b$
$$n \cdot n^{k(p-1)(q-1)} = ap = bq + n$$
from which we can clearly see that $b$ is divisble by $p$, since both other terms are divisible by $p$, so that $n \cdot n^{k(p-1)(q-1)} \equiv n \mod pq$ as required.
