8a) (i)

Let $d$ be an integer. We will prove that if $d \mid a \land d \mid b \iff d \mid (a-b) \land d \mid b$.

($\implies$) Assume that $d$ divides both $a$ and $b$. Then, there exist some integers $m$ and $n$ such that $a = dm$ and $b=dn$. We then have $(a-b) = (dm-dn) = d(m-n)$, so $d \mid (a-b)$.

($\impliedby$) Assume that $d$ divides both $a-b$ and $b$. Then there exist some integers $s$ and $t$ sich that $a-b = ds$ and $b = dt$. We then have $a = a-b+b = ds+dt = d(s+t)$, so $d \mid a$.

Since the integers that divide $a$ and $b$ are the same as those that divide $(a-b)$ and $b$, this means that $\gcd(a,b) = \gcd(a-b,b)$ as required.

(ii)

For $q=0$ the statement is trivially true.

Assume that the statement is true for $q=k$, i.e. for all $n,k \in \mathbb{N}$, $\gcd(2^{kn+r}-1, 2^n-1)=\gcd(2^r-1, 2^n-1)$

For $q=k+1$, using the proof from part (i):
$$
\begin{aligned}
\gcd(2^{(k+1)n+r}-1, 2^n-1) &= \gcd(2^{(k+1)n+r}-2^n, 2^n-1) \\
&= \gcd(2^n(2^{kn+r}-1), 2^n-1)
\end{aligned}
$$
Since $\gcd(2^n, 2^n-1) = 1$, we can say
$$
\begin{aligned}
\gcd(2^{(k+1)n+r}-1, 2^n-1) &= \gcd(2^{kn+r}-1, 2^n-1) \\
&= \gcd(2^r-1, 2^n-1)
\end{aligned}
$$

And so the statement is true by induction.

(iii)

Starting from the statement in part (ii) - but replacing the $q$ with $k$ so that it is not confused with the $q$ in this question - let $r=n$, so that $\gcd(2^{kn+n}-1, 2^n-1) = \gcd(2^n-1, 2^n-1)$.

The right hand side is trivially equal to $2^n-1$. Let $q = k+1$, and the left hand side becomes $\gcd(2^{qn}-1, 2^n-1)$. We then have $\gcd(2^{qn}-1, 2^n-1) = 2^n-1$ as required.

(iv)

Using the proof from part (ii), let $q$ and $r$ be such that $m=qn+r$ and $0 \le r < n$. We then have a process that mimics Euclid's algorithm in the exponent, so that $\gcd(2^m-1, 2^n-1) = \gcd(2^n-1, 2^r-1)$. Following the algorithms to its conclusion, this would give us $\gcd(2^m-1, 2^n-1) = 2^{\gcd(m,n)}-1$.

b) Suppose that $f: \mathbb{N} \Rightarrow (\mathbb{N} \Rightarrow \{0, 1\})$ is a function. We define the function $M=\{(n, 1-f(n)(n)) \mid n \in \mathbb{N}\}$

$M$ is clearly an element of $(\mathbb{N} \Rightarrow \{0,1\})$. We will show that for all $n \in \mathbb{N}$, $f(n) \ne M$.

1. If $(n, 1) \in M$ then $(n, 0) \in f(n)$, so $f(n) \ne M$ since they both map $n$ to a different value.

2. If $(n, 0) \in M$ then $(n, 1) \in f(n)$, so $f(n) \ne M$ by the same argument as above.

Therefore there is no $a \in \mathbb{N}$ such that $M = f(a)$. So $f$ cannot be surjective.
