6a) - 

b)

- Interviews would probably be the most suitable method of data collection, since the product's effectiveness is mostly unobservable, and subjective to the user, so to hear their experiences would be most important. Similarly focus groups, or questionnaires would work well for the same reason, though less effectively.

- Observation might be helpful to an extent, since the actual use of the system is important, and the presence of an observer would not impact the realism of the situation.

- Study of documentation relevant to "sense transfer" of some kind would likely be helpful in the design of the system.

- A variant on card-sorting could be used to test which sounds are perceived to be similar to each other, maybe in comparison to similar images, to see how well they align with their counterparts.

c) Gestalt theory describes how the mind organizes visual data. The six principles of Gestalt theory relevant to interaction design are:

- Figure-Ground relationship - Images are partitioned into foreground and background. This is used in the example web page by darkening the background image behind the white headline, to improve legibility.

- Proximity - Items in close proximity are perceived as a group. This is used in the web page to associate the administrative information at the bottom of the page.

- Similarity - Items are grouped by their similarity in appearance, i.e. colour, shape, etc. An example of this from the web page is the "4 steps" section, where the items all share a clear design, and colour scheme.

- Symmetry - Items in a symmetric relationship are perceived as related. An example of this from the web page is the 3 symmetrically arranged paragraphs in the second section.

- Continuity - Items are perceived as related if they are aligned, or continue a pattern. This is exemplified in the "Address" section at the bottom of the page, where the address lines are aligned to be left-justified.

- Closure - The perception of items as whole, even when the figure is not drawn in its entirety. This is used in some of the diagrams in the webpage, which contain unclosed outlines of people or lightbulbs.
